Update README.md (#31)
esp-rs/awesome-esp-rust: README.md

- [EN] [Embedded Rust on ESP32 - Juraj Michálek - Rust Linz November 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PPPdqoDBQs)
- [EN] [Rust on Espressif chips - Scott Mabin - DevCon22](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeEmJ_-6fPg)
- [EN] [Rust Bare-metal and Async - Scott Mabin, Juraj Sadel - DevCon23](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPp4WEjx5jU)

> - [EN] [Rust on ESP32 - Video series live coding esp32 examples in Rust](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eFlZVtZqdY&list=PL0U7YUX2VnBFbwTi96wUB1nZzPVN3HzgS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [EN] [Rust on ESP32 - Video series live coding esp32 examples in Rust](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0U7YUX2VnBFbwTi96wUB1nZzPVN3HzgS)
```
